README.adoc, before:

= Nessus Cheat Sheet
:stylesdir: stylesheets
:stylesheet: asciidoc-style-limberduck.css
:nofooter:
:docinfo1:

image:https://raw.githubusercontent.com/limberduck/nessus-cheat-sheet/gh-pages/nessus-cheat-sheet-10p.png[Nessus Cheat Sheet thumbnail, 350, 240, role="thumb",link="https://limberduck.github.io/nessus-cheat-sheet/nessus-cheat-sheet.pdf",window="_blank"]

https://limberduck.github.io/nessus-cheat-sheet/nessus-cheat-sheet.html[HTML,window="_blank"] 
|
https://limberduck.github.io/nessus-cheat-sheet/nessus-cheat-sheet.pdf[PDF,window="_blank"]
|
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/LimberDuck/nessus-cheat-sheet/gh-pages/nessus-cheat-sheet.png[PNG,window="_blank"]
|
https://github.com/LimberDuck/nessus-cheat-sheet/blob/main/nessus-cheat-sheet.adoc[ADOC,window="_blank"]

== License

image:https://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/buttons/88x31/png/by.png[Creative Commons Attribution (CC BY 4.0) license, 88, 31, link="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/deed.en",window="_blank"]

This cheat sheet is licensed under a https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/deed.en[Creative Commons Attribution (CC BY 4.0) license].

Commit message:

badge with GitHub Stars added

README.adoc, after:

= Nessus Cheat Sheet
:stylesdir: stylesheets
:stylesheet: asciidoc-style-limberduck.css
:nofooter:
:docinfo1:

image:https://img.shields.io/github/stars/LimberDuck/nessus-cheat-sheet?label=Stars%20from%20users&style=social[GitHub Repo stars,link="https://github.com/LimberDuck/nessus-cheat-sheet"] - give a Star on GitHub if you like it.

image:https://raw.githubusercontent.com/limberduck/nessus-cheat-sheet/gh-pages/nessus-cheat-sheet-10p.png[Nessus Cheat Sheet thumbnail, 350, 240, role="thumb",link="https://limberduck.github.io/nessus-cheat-sheet/nessus-cheat-sheet.pdf",window="_blank"]

https://limberduck.github.io/nessus-cheat-sheet/nessus-cheat-sheet.html[HTML,window="_blank"] 
|
https://limberduck.github.io/nessus-cheat-sheet/nessus-cheat-sheet.pdf[PDF,window="_blank"]
|
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/LimberDuck/nessus-cheat-sheet/gh-pages/nessus-cheat-sheet.png[PNG,window="_blank"]
|
https://github.com/LimberDuck/nessus-cheat-sheet/blob/main/nessus-cheat-sheet.adoc[ADOC,window="_blank"]

== License

image:https://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/buttons/88x31/png/by.png[Creative Commons Attribution (CC BY 4.0) license, 88, 31, link="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/deed.en",window="_blank"]

This cheat sheet is licensed under a https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/deed.en[Creative Commons Attribution (CC BY 4.0) license].
